For migrating your data, you can use the Adaba US data sync tool.
So this is a online tool that allows you to migrate very large datasets into a W.S..
And in this case, you are going to be using a Adaba US direct connect connection or you're gonna be
using the Internet or a VPN.
So it does encrypt the data.
So it's going to be safe no matter which medium you're using.
But this is an online tool, so it's going to migrate your data online.
So you got to consider the bandwidth that you've got from your data center into a W.S..
Now, your source is going to be a NAS file server.
So it's going to be a piece of network attached storage or a file server that sharing using the network
file system an offense or the server message block SMB protocols.
So that's going to be your source.
And what happens is Data Sync will connect to that source using a software agent, which you don't have
to install.
We'd have to modify anything here.
It will connect to your now server and it will then pick up the data and migrate it.
And now you can schedule that.
Transfer.
And it's all automated is going to use tearless encryption, as I mentioned before.
And you've got quite a bit of granularity in terms of how you schedule so you can do sort of daily or
hourly or whatever it is you want to do.
So you're migrating your data and then these are the possible destinations.
So you got Amazon Asri, you've got Amazon, SSX for Windows File service.
So not Lastra, only Windows File service.
And then you've got the Amazon elastic file system, which is Obasi another and a fast paced system.
So those are the free destinations.
Now, it does preserve your permissions and your metadata as well.
So that will all be still present when you migrate into the cloud.
And so think of data sync as the service to use when you want to migrate from an end FSL SMB server
into a W.S. to one of these free destinations.
And you're going to do so online.
So via direct connect or via the Internet.
If you can't migrate online because your data is just too much and you're bound with can't handle it
or it's going to take too long, that's when you might have to look at Snowbell, which I'm going to
talk about shortly.